I spend a big part of my life
profession to criticize video games
depending on which format and with
which goal I'm going to see this
criticism always different if
I robin which video games over
heavy rain Mr. goal then that is not
factual and fair dispute
with all aspects of the game my
I have opinion at this time
already formed and the video services
me then only on this opinion
as entertaining as possible
to bring the man
However, when I write test reports
then my approach looks
of course fundamentally different from me
try not completely objectively
to approach the matter because that's all
basically a thing of impossibility
represents a game after objective
criticized
means all of them
to ignore emotional aspects and it
instead, like a toaster alone
based on its functional competence too
assess
in this way of proceeding
all artistic aspects of a
video game completely excluded and
ignored in the case of playing like
journey mia or shadow of the colossus
Therefore, this system comes very fast
to its limits
none of these games is a game
mechanically especially strong anyway
However, they are in my opinion
the most impressive play of all
times
cernys beautiful and partly already
almost spiritual journey through a
Let the land be perfect
rather short and does not require much from me
more than the stick in the direction of travel
to keep and little demanding
jump and sneak passages
complete
he uses his well-known
Game mechanics and character squads around
as unique as it is surprising
to tell the story in this
form only in a video game
works and not completely independent
from the moderate technology could pack
I would have been on the colossus offering me
meanwhile a gigantic world in
absolutely nothing happens
was often criticized because of us
Video games are used to them
new tasks and tasks on each corner
present adventure in shadow of the
colossus is the omnipresent feeling
but a whole one of loneliness
essential element of the teaching world
is therefore an excellent feature
point up without their emotional impact
the players would enjoy these games
lose their biggest strengths
a prominent victim of this
Approach was 2012
released first person shooter
Almost every test spec
spoke of the emotional effect of
play and how to do it with one
unique and important message
a statement about this entire
industry gives up so it actually has
already done more than any other
person shooter of the last years
but because spec ops the line is not
at the same time with the
staging of call of duty and the
until the last shot
perfected gameplay by gears of
it was able to keep up with it
sixth and seventh ratings
fed up because his strengths are not
always easily measurable game features
lay the game celebrities of all the
magazine punished those at their
are exactly dependent on it
all subjective impressions of the
to exclude testers
Not everybody works that way
tester refers to his reviews
past experiences with one
whether consciously or unconsciously when it does
the possibilities would be objectively correct
to write play tests
then they would have to be in consequence
from it also generally as correct
be viewed at absolutely every test
whether it be objective or not
However, people who are not with the
agree
that is in the nature of the matter we
do not play video games in one
vacuum due to our past
Experiences, we fans are certain
genres have within this chance
certain preferences and others
features in principle even
not suffer
therefore there is no sense as
review to try out these experiences
hide
it 's just impossible and leads to
a sheer objectivity absolutely
Nobody helps in my tests call
That's why I'm always very clear
opinion without trying
general statements
filter out
Feeding too subjective and
often stressful reviews for you
as consumers, however, very much
Helpful are who giga now
he knows a few weeks already
which games taste I have one
I know that I'm not a big fan of final
fantasy 13 or david cage for that though
big metal gear would be solid fan
So I test 15
and that I really liked it
then fans of final fantasy 13
probably skeptical
In principle, they seem to be one
to have a different taste than me
So it could be that final
fantasy 15 despite my positive criticism
do not like it so subjective
then the people do not criticize
agree with them because they
based on the taste of the author a lot
can better judge if you are with him
are of opinion
by the way, it's actually the other way around
also possible to like the game of
a critic was received negatively
but the lack of critical ability many
player and he suddenly starting
defense reflex offers enough material
for a separate episode of robin versus
hello this is a and car
Animal had seen between that
the end caps pity that before you yes her
be smart people but i want to
even smart people can make mistakes
they can in fact sometimes people on
complain if they criticize
because criticism sometimes not so
good the greatest strength of a part of the
community, i have the feeling and
I wanted to talk about that
made
in the new episode of robin des
video games down there we now have the
press away in this video now
it's your turn
To everyone must at some point so then
there are two more videos that are
it was particularly exciting there are things
like fun, and if you like it all
Look closely, you will also find chocolate
because a lot of fun
bye